Add Cookstyle 6.5 release notes (#631)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Cookstyle 6.5

### 2 New Cops

#### ChefModernize/ShellOutHelper

The `ChefModernize/ShellOutHelper` cop detects cookbooks that use `Mixlib::ShellOut.new('foo').run_command` instead of the `shell_out('foo')` helper included in Chef Infra Client 12.11 and later.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefDeprecations/Ruby27KeywordArgumentWarnings

> The `ChefDeprecations/Ruby27KeywordArgumentWarnings` cop detects cookbooks that use the `shell_out` helper with shellout options within hash braces. The usage of braces in this helper will result in Ruby 2.7 deprecation warnings when running on Chef Infra Client 16 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefDeprecations/Ruby27KeywordArgumentWarnings` cop detects cookbooks that use the `shell_out` helper with shellout options within hash braces. Using braces in this helper will result in Ruby 2.7 deprecation warnings when running on Chef Infra Client 16 and later.
```
